some four
chief musician a contemplate
Quora as the deer pants for the water
Brooks so pants my soul for you Oh God
my soul thirsts for God for the Living
God when shall I come and appear before
God my tears have been my food day and
night while they continually say to me
where is your God and I remember these
things I pour out my soul within me for
I used to go with the multitude I went
with them to the house of God with the
voice of joy and praise with a multitude
that kept a pilgrim feast why are you
cast down on my soul and why are you
disquieted within me hope in God for I
shall yet praise him for the help of his
countenance oh my god my soul is cast
down within me therefore I will remember
you from the land of the Jordan and from
the heights of Hermon from the hill
Mizar deep calls unto deep at the noise
of your waterfalls all your waves and
billows have gone over me the Lord will
command his loving-kindness in the
daytime and in the night his song shall
be with me a prayer to the God of my
life I will say to God my rock why have
you forgotten me why do I go mourning
because of the oppression of the enemy
is with a breaking of my bones my
enemy's reproach me while they say to me
all day long where is your God why are
you cast down on my soul and why are you
disquieted within me hope in God for I
shall yet praise Him the help of my
countenance and
my god